Update tutorials, closes MISC-212 (#61)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/tutorials/_includes/resources.md

You have successfully started load testing, you can read our documentation if you need more information about our product:

- [Gatling Enterprise documentation]({{< ref "../../" >}})
- [Documentation about the creation of an artifact]({{< ref "../../reference/user/reports" >}})

> - [Documentation about how to use the FrontLine reports]({{< ref "../../reference/user/reports" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Documentation about how to use the Gatling Enterprise reports]({{< ref "../../reference/user/reports" >}})
```
